README.md, before:

## Hi there 👋 my name is Cristobal (Epeat) Barreto and this is my github profile

I was born on December 13th, 1996, and, like many others, my introduction to technology started at a very young age—playing computer games since I was 5 years old. This early exposure sparked my passion for technology, which has only grown over the years.

I began studying Computer Engineering in 2015 but later transitioned to Systems Analysis in 2023, mainly to align my class schedule better with my full-time job. During my time at university, I also worked as a sysadmin, gaining hands-on experience managing IT infrastructure and solving real-world problems.

2024 has been especially memorable, as I became a father to my son, Cedric, born in June.

## 💼 Professional background

I'm a Software Engineer with experience in full-stack web and mobile development. My current stack includes:

[![image](https://img.shields.io/badge/Angular-DD0031?style=for-the-badge&logo=angular&logoColor=white)](https://angular.dev/)
[![image](https://img.shields.io/badge/.NET-512BD4?style=for-the-badge&logo=dotnet&logoColor=white)](https://dotnet.microsoft.com/)
[![image](https://img.shields.io/badge/Microsoft%20SQL%20Server-CC2927?style=for-the-badge&logo=microsoft%20sql%20server&logoColor=white)](https://es.wikipedia.org/wiki/Microsoft_SQL_Server)
[![image](https://img.shields.io/badge/Amazon_AWS-FF9900?style=for-the-badge&logo=amazonaws&logoColor=white)](https://aws.amazon.com/)
[**B4X**](https://www.b4x.com/)

Previously, I worked with backend technologies like: 

[![image](https://img.shields.io/badge/Spring_Boot-6DB33F?style=for-the-badge&logo=spring-boot&logoColor=white)](https://spring.io/projects/spring-boot)
[![image](https://img.shields.io/badge/Django-092E20?style=for-the-badge&logo=django&logoColor=green)](https://www.djangoproject.com/)
[![image](https://img.shields.io/badge/Flask-000000?style=for-the-badge&logo=flask&logoColor=white)](https://flask.palletsprojects.com/en/stable/)
[![image](https://img.shields.io/badge/PostgreSQL-316192?style=for-the-badge&logo=postgresql&logoColor=white)](https://www.postgresql.org/)
[![image](https://img.shields.io/badge/MySQL-005C84?style=for-the-badge&logo=mysql&logoColor=white)](https://www.mysql.com/)

I also have a background in system administration, working with hypervisors like [**XenServer**](https://www.xenserver.com/) and tools like [**Virtualmin**](https://virtualmin.com/) and [**Clonezilla**](https://clonezilla.org/) for managing lab environments.

<!--
**epeat96/epeat96** is a ✨ _special_ ✨ repository because its `README.md` (this file) appears on your GitHub profile.

Here are some ideas to get you started:

- 🔭 I’m currently working on ...
- 🌱 I’m currently learning ...
- 👯 I’m looking to collaborate on ...
- 🤔 I’m looking for help with ...
- 💬 Ask me about ...
- 📫 How to reach me: ...
- 😄 Pronouns: ...
- ⚡ Fun fact: ...
-->

Commit message:

Some changes and added Interests and Hobbies

README.md, after:

## Hi there 👋 my name is Cristobal (Epeat) Barreto and this is my GitHub profile

I was born on December 13th, 1996, and, like many others, my introduction to technology started at a very young age—playing computer games since I was 5 years old. This early exposure sparked my passion for technology, which has only grown over the years.

I began studying Computer Engineering in 2015 but later transitioned to Systems Analysis in 2023, mainly to align my class schedule better with my full-time job. During my time at university, I also worked as a sysadmin, gaining hands-on experience managing IT infrastructure and solving real-world problems.

2024 has been especially memorable, as I became a father to my son, Cedric, born in June.

## 💼 Professional Background

I'm a Software Engineer with experience in full-stack web and mobile development. My current stack includes:

[![image](https://img.shields.io/badge/Angular-DD0031?style=for-the-badge&logo=angular&logoColor=white)](https://angular.dev/)
[![image](https://img.shields.io/badge/.NET-512BD4?style=for-the-badge&logo=dotnet&logoColor=white)](https://dotnet.microsoft.com/)
[![image](https://img.shields.io/badge/Microsoft%20SQL%20Server-CC2927?style=for-the-badge&logo=microsoft%20sql%20server&logoColor=white)](https://es.wikipedia.org/wiki/Microsoft_SQL_Server)
[![image](https://img.shields.io/badge/Amazon_AWS-FF9900?style=for-the-badge&logo=amazonaws&logoColor=white)](https://aws.amazon.com/)
[**B4X**](https://www.b4x.com/)

Previously, I worked with backend technologies like: 

[![image](https://img.shields.io/badge/Spring_Boot-6DB33F?style=for-the-badge&logo=spring-boot&logoColor=white)](https://spring.io/projects/spring-boot)
[![image](https://img.shields.io/badge/Django-092E20?style=for-the-badge&logo=django&logoColor=green)](https://www.djangoproject.com/)
[![image](https://img.shields.io/badge/Flask-000000?style=for-the-badge&logo=flask&logoColor=white)](https://flask.palletsprojects.com/en/stable/)
[![image](https://img.shields.io/badge/PostgreSQL-316192?style=for-the-badge&logo=postgresql&logoColor=white)](https://www.postgresql.org/)
[![image](https://img.shields.io/badge/MySQL-005C84?style=for-the-badge&logo=mysql&logoColor=white)](https://www.mysql.com/)

I also have a background in system administration, working with hypervisors like [**XenServer**](https://www.xenserver.com/) and tools like [**Virtualmin**](https://virtualmin.com/) and [**Clonezilla**](https://clonezilla.org/) for managing lab environments.

## Interests and Hobbies

In my free time i sometimes like to: 

- Do security CTF challenges. Check out my TryHackMe profile!:
  
    [![image](https://tryhackme-badges.s3.amazonaws.com/Epeat.png)](https://tryhackme.com/r/p/Epeat)
  
- Play TTRPGS like [Dungeon World](https://dungeon-world.com/).
- Solve chess puzzles on [Lichess](https://lichess.org/) (not so much playing chess 🤣🤣) 
- Sometimes I also play video games
- I'm trying to start reading (to justify my Kindle purchase by actually using it 😂)


<!--
**epeat96/epeat96** is a ✨ _special_ ✨ repository because its `README.md` (this file) appears on your GitHub profile.

Here are some ideas to get you started:

- 🔭 I’m currently working on ...
- 🌱 I’m currently learning ...
- 👯 I’m looking to collaborate on ...
- 🤔 I’m looking for help with ...
- 💬 Ask me about ...
- 📫 How to reach me: ...
- 😄 Pronouns: ...
- ⚡ Fun fact: ...
-->
